Extreme Support Vector Machine
===
Extreme Support Vector Machine (ESVM) combines between Support Vector Machine and Extreme Learning Machine. SVM is one of the methods in machine learning that is useful and successful in making predictions for both classification and regression cases. The basic principle of SVM is a linear classifier which is developed into a non-linear case by using the concept of kernel tricks in high-dimensional workspaces. In binary classification cases, the concept of SVM is to find the optimum hyperplane by producing a maximum margin value that separates between the two class categories. Besides, Artificial Neural Network (ANN) is a family of learning algorithms that are inspired by the brain nerve. ANN is a non-linear mathematical model that represents a complex non-linear process so that it can build relationships between the input and output of the system. There is an approach in ANN that can minimize training errors and the norm of output weight, namely the Extreme Learning Machine (ELM). Therefore, ELM has high accuracy, is easy to implement, can be used in solving classification and regression problems and for binary and multi-class classification cases. ELM is different from other the learning method cause it has a hidden layer not to be tuned. One of the characteristics ELM implementations is to apply random nodes calculations on hidden layers that are independent of training data.

ELM is a learning method that can quickly analyze, but ELM does not look for an optimal hyperplane. ELM only minimizes the sum of square errors between classes and outputs in Multi-Layer Perceptron (MLP).  SVM produces better accuracy in solving classification cases but takes a long time in the classification process. Therefore, SVM and ELM will be combined to overcome the classification problem.

The ELM kernel is a combination of kernel tricks and ELM. The ELM kernel works very fast in the analysis but cannot find the optimal hyperplane margin value. ELM kernel minimizes the number of square error between class and MLP output. However, the characteristics of ELM kernel are not suitable for solving classification problems. Therefore, SVM is combined with ELM kernel to overcome this problem. SVM with the ELM kernel has referred to as the Extreme Support Vector Machine (SVM).
